.TH farmmod 6

.SH NAME
farmmod \- modify a farm

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBfarmmod\fR \fIOPTION\fR... \fIFILE\fR

.SH DESCRIPTION
Modify the plot contents or size of a farm.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-help\fR
Displays the usage information.
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR
Displays the version and license information.
.TP
\fB\-e\fR, \fB\-\-expand\fR \fIBY\fR
Buy more land to expand the plot.
.br
\fIBY\fR should be \fICOLS\fR,\fIROWS\fR.
.TP
\fB\-f\fR, \fB\-\-force\fR
If used with \fB\-h\fR or \fB\-r\fR, harvest or remove regardless of readiness.
.br
If used with \fB\-m\fR, move even if out of bounds or replacing a non\-empty tile.
.br
No effect for other actions.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-harvest\fR
Harvest crops from crop tiles.
.br
Skips unready crops unless \fB\-f\fR is used.
.TP
\fB\-m\fR, \fB\-\-move\fR \fIBY\fR
Move the contents of tiles by \fIBY\fR.
.br
\fIBY\fR should be \fICOLS\fR,\fIROWS\fR.
.br
Fails if the move places tiles out of bounds, or replaces non\-empty tiles.
.br
If used with \fB\-f\fR, out of bounds contents and the contents of non\-empty tiles will be removed.
.TP
\fB\-p\fR, \fB\-\-plant\fR \fINAME\fR
Put plants in empty tiles.
.TP
\fB\-P\fR, \fB\-\-place\fR \fINAME\fR
Put placeable items on empty tiles.
.TP
\fB\-r\fR, \fB\-\-remove\fR
Remove crops and items from tiles.
.br
Asks for confirmation if a crop tile is ready for harvesting unless \fB\-f\fR is used.
.TP
\fB\-s\fR, \fB\-\-sow\fR \fINAME\fR
Plant seeds in tilled tiles.
.TP
\fB\-S\fR, \fB\-\-shrink\fR \fIBY\fR
Sell land to shrink the plot.
.br
\fIBY\fR should be \fICOLS\fR,\fIROWS\fR.
.TP
\fB\-t\fR, \fB\-\-tiles\fR \fILIST\fR
Change tile selection.
.br
By default, all tiles are selected.
.br
\fILIST\fR should be a comma\-separated list of an alpha row and numeric column.
For columns over Z, use multiple letters such as AA, AB, ... ZZ, AAA, AAB, etc.
If just a row or column is provided, all the tiles in that row or column will be selected.
.br
To select all the tiles between 2 points, use '\-'.
.br
By default, the list is used as a whitelist.
To make it into a blacklist, prepend '!'.
Prepend individual entries with '\-' to remove them from the whitelist/blacklist.
.br
Examples:
.RS
.RS
\-t A\-C,D2\-F4,\-E3,D5,E5
.br
\-t !A,\-4A,1\-3,5E
.br
\-\-tiles !A1\-C4
.RE
.RE
.TP
\fB\-u\fR, \fB\-\-use\fR \fINAME\fR[:\fICOUNT\fR]
Use a useable item on applicable tiles.
.br
\fICOUNT\fR is how many passes to do (1 by default).

.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
\fB0\fR
Success.
.TP
\fB1\fR
An error occurred.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Licensed under the GNU General Public License version 3.0
