.TH lsfarm 6

.SH NAME
lsfarm \- list farm contents

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBlsfarm\fR [\fIOPTION\fR...] \fIFILE\fR

.SH DESCRIPTION
List information about a farm's status, plot contents, or shed contents.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-help\fR
Displays the usage information.
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR
Displays the version and license information.
.TP
\fB\-C\fR, \fB\-\-color\fR
Use color escape codes.
.TP
\fB\-i\fR, \fB\-\-shed\fR[=\fIWHAT\fR]
Show the contents of the shed.
.br
Optionally provide \fIWHAT\fR containing one or more of the following:
.RS
.TP
\fBc\fR
Crops
.TP
\fBi\fR
Items
.TP
\fBp\fR
Plants
.TP
\fBs\fR
Seeds
.RE
.TP
\fB\-I\fR, \fB\-\-no\-shed\fR
Do not show the contents of the shed (default).
.TP
\fB\-l\fR, \fB\-\-list\fR
Output plot information in a list instead of a diagram.
.TP
\fB\-s\fR, \fB\-\-status\fR[=\fIWHAT\fR]
Show the status of the farm (default).
.br
Optionally provide \fIWHAT\fR containing one or more of the following:
.RS
.TP
\fBh\fR
Humidity
.TP
\fBm\fR
Money
.TP
\fBs\fR
Plot size
.TP
\fBt\fR
Time
.TP
\fBT\fR
Temperature
.TP
\fBw\fR
Weather
.RE
.TP
\fB\-S\fR, \fB\-\-no\-status\fR
Do not show the status of the farm.
.TP
\fB\-t\fR, \fB\-\-tiles\fR \fILIST\fR
Change tile selection.
.br
By default, all tiles are selected.
.br
\fILIST\fR should be a comma\-separated list of an alpha row and numeric column.
For columns over Z, use multiple letters such as AA, AB, ... ZZ, AAA, AAB, etc.
If just a row or column is provided, all the tiles in that row or column will be selected.
.br
To select all the tiles between 2 points, use '\-'.
.br
By default, the list is used as a whitelist.
To make it into a blacklist, prepend '!'.
Prepend individual entries with '\-' to remove them from the whitelist/blacklist.
.br
Examples:
.RS
.RS
\-t A\-C,D2\-F4,\-E3,D5,E5
.br
\-t !A,\-4A,1\-3,5E
.br
\-\-tiles !A1\-C4
.RE
.RE

.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
\fB0\fR
Success.
.TP
\fB1\fR
An error occurred.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Licensed under the GNU General Public License version 3.0
